1) When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
Me: We will use remote repository when multiple people are collaborating on single project
and are working remotely from different places. If we will keep all our work local then 
only we will able to access the work other people can't collaborate on it. If we are working
alone then local copy can be good option. But in this case also for eg we want to work from
some different machine then it will be great if we have remote repository.

2) Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay
up-to-date with your remote repository?
Me: If we pull changes manually then we can prevent un wanted errors that may happen when you
are working on same files, or you want to compile something and you don't want other changes
to come in your build. Other synced changes might contain errors. 

3) Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead
of another?
Me: When you make copy of repository on Github which is hosted on Github, then its called forking.
When you make copy of repository on local machine to local machine or Github to local machine then
it is called Cloning. Branches are logical names or labels to commits. They only act on single
repository. 
If we don't want to pull code and just want to copy on Github itself then go for cloning. It might
be also helpful when you don't have permisson to make changes to orignal repository. Then we can
fork it and then clone it on our local machine, make changes and push the code to forked version.
Clones are helpful when you want to work on your local machine for the code that's there on Github.
Clones can be also done on local machine. By clone you can just make a copy, make changes and push
the changes back.
Branches work on single repository. This is helpful when you want to work on some experimental feature
which may or may not part of final version and then later you can merge it. 