Reflections:
1) What happnes when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
Me: When you intitialize a repository, it creates .git directory. It just intializes
the directory, no commits are there. We need to initialize it to prepare the directory 
for handlng version change through git.

2) How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
Me: Working directory contains local content, repository contains the version controlled files
which are committed. Staging area is between the working directory and the repository.
It offers you an area where you can add files that you want to commit to the repository
otherwise you may end up comnmitting everything. It's like a local snapshot.

3) How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
Me: We can check which files are modified by using git diff. If the file is added in staged 
area then git diff will give difference between unstaged file. If we do git diff --staged then
it will give difference between staging area and repository.

4) What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized?
How would branches help?
Me: When we want to add new exprerimental feature and we don't want to mess with working production
code then we can go for creating another branch while keeping our master branch intact. This will
also help us in separating master branch and experimental feature new branch history.

5) How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
Me: Diagrams tell the complete history of the branch structure, when the new branches were created or there
are any unreachable commits. It also tells you about the reachable commits. 

6) What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
Me: When two branches are merged together then we get the commits of two branches in current checked out branch.
By this we get changes of both first and second branch in the current checked out branch. We represent in the 
diagram the way we do as it helps us in understanding at what commit other branches were created what commits 
they have and how they are merged together after certain commit.

6) What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges manuhen ally?
Me: Pros: When there is huge amount of code then automatic merging helps a lot. You can't 
merge huge amount of code manually all the time. Plus that code might not be written by you.
Cons: Autmatic merging may lead to conflicts in situations when you have modifications in the same area.
Then you need to manually check the conflicts and resolve it.
